hi everybody I'm mister enemy and today
I'll be reviewing the first Inuyasha
movie affections touching across time as
far as affections touching across time
goes there's plenty of affection to
touch across time in this movie but
there's some affections that don't I was
instantly affected emotionally with
disgust as the opening menu hit me it
was a very terrible CGI but I'm not
going to discount from that from the
movie the movie starts with a basic
recap of the entire story of the shikon
jewel being shattered kind of like the
whole the jewel exploding here in the
hole if you ever played mario RPG with
The Legend of Seven Stars how the Stars
fall and you have to go get them
basically they try to recap and make it
to where first-time goers can actually
watch this movie after the recap is done
and all the voiceovers and getting
everyone used to all of it we're
introduced to the main villain Manoa
group which is accompanied by a bunch of
moths however I cannot deny monomers
power in the opening battle scene that
he has Inuyasha
he completely whooped his ass he could
have killed him he had the sword up to
him anyway as monomers starts to take
power and starts to steal everyone's
Souls things start to go wrong with all
the jokes aside though the Inuyasha
movie delivers a solid performance with
the animation the music's a weak spot
because it's the same music from the
episodes what is that shit a faction
sucking across time however does have
its quiet moments there's a scene where
the wind is blowing the great tree and
the grandpa is watching all the leaves
and all the flower butts fall from the
sky and he's like oh my god you know I
can't believe they're already being
blown away from the tree it's been 500
years since the tree bloom bloom and
then they're all getting blown away and
as the snow is falling it was a very
quiet scene where the grandpa was
looking up at the tree and the way that
the camera followed through the
Whistling and
inches.they swayed back forth in the
snow in the window it was a very short
scene but I liked that scene a lot and
it's funny because that scene really has
nothing to do with the story it's just
added in their beautiful time but I
liked it with a grandpa speaking of the
grandpa I think he's especially
hilarious
I've always loved Kagome his grandpa
he's just so fucking ridiculous and
Kagome his mom is obviously on pills
because whenever Kagome is like mom I'm
going back to the feudal era kikyo and
Sesshomaru you see a little bit of in
the movie but it is my complaint that I
think I mentioned in the last review
when I did this review the first time I
wish you saw more kikyo she saw a mortar
shell we were there interesting
characters but you know Remi ko
Takahashi added so many characters tan
Yasha you really can't get your fill on
all of them because people like
different ones
me personally I'm sunroof an you know I
think he badass you know if he was real
I'd be like what's up man we probably
wouldn't let me touch him because I'm a
human so that's the movie draws to a
close I'm an ohmmeter starts to steal
everyone's soul in the world in fact
he's like I'm going to steal everyone's
soul in the world and he basically does
they don't really explain if the souls
get you know taken back everybody I
assume they do so the numbers final form
was laughable butterfly wings and he
didn't do anything powerful he just sat
there he was like I'm powerful okay so
all in all though I had a good time
poking fun infections touching across
time I thought was an enjoyable lush and
I thought it was an enjoyable movie I
enjoyed it so much more than I did the
first time I went through it I don't
know why I just finished watching the
movie and I really liked it I didn't
really like it to the point where I'm
gonna give it something above like a 7
out of 10 but I did like it enough to
where I'm gonna give it a 7 out of 10
so that is my rating for the indie Astra
first movie and I will see you hopefully
sometime next week for the castle beyond
the looking glass review